Delta lake documentation updates (#1151)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/warehouse-destinations/delta-lake.mdx

* **Personal Access Token**: Enter your Databricks access token. For more information on generating the access token, refer to the <Link to="#generating-the-databricks-access-token">Generating the Databricks access token</Link> section below.

> * **Enable delta tables creation in an external location**: Enable this setting to specify the external location to create the delta tables. By default, RudderStack creates the delta tables at a default storage location for the non-external Apache Hive tables. You can specify the external location in the **External delta table location** setting. Note that **this feature is currently in beta**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Enable delta tables creation in an external location**: Enable this setting to specify the external location to create the delta tables. You can specify the external location in the **External delta table location** setting. Note that **this feature is currently in beta**. When disabled, RudderStack creates the delta tables at a default storage location for the non-external Apache Hive tables. 
```

<div class="infoBlock">
If you <strong>haven't</strong> configured a <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/index.html">Unity Catalog</a>, you can access the delta tables at: <code class="inline-code">&#123; path_to_table &#125;/&#123;schema&#125;/&#123;table&#125;</code>.
<br /><br />
If you <strong>have</strong> configured a Unity Catalog, follow these steps:
<ol>
  <li>Create an external location by following this <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/manage-external-locations-and-credentials.html#manage-external-locations">Databricks documentation</a>. Your location will look something like: <code class="inline-code">s3://&#123; bucket_path &#125;/&#123; external_location &#125;</code>.</li>
  <li>Specify the absolute location in the <strong>External delta table location</strong> setting. It will look something like: <code class="inline-code">s3://&#123; bucket_path &#125;/&#123; external_location &#125;/&#123; path_to_table &#125;/&#123; schema &#125;/&#123;table&#125;</code>. </li>
</ol>
</div>

> * **Catalog**: If you have enabled the <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/index.html">Unity Catalog</a> feature, enter your catalog name where the data assets are organized. For more information on creating a Unity Catalog, refer to the <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/create-catalogs.html">Databricks documenation</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Catalog**: If you have configured <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/index.html">Unity Catalog</a>, enter your catalog name where the data assets are organized. For more information on creating a Unity Catalog, refer to the <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/data-governance/unity-catalog/create-catalogs.html">Databricks documenation</a>.
```
